Update contributing README (#7278)
elastic/eui: wiki/contributing-to-eui/README.md

## Process

### Who can contribute?

EUI is built primarily by and for employees of Elastic. We align our features and roadmap with the needs of our products internally.

> That being said, open source is part of our DNA at Elastic, so we keep EUI open and do accept commmunity contributions from outside of Elastic. These contributions are tyipcally reviewed and merged on a best-effort basis and must generally align with the overall objectives of this project.

Reviewer: Not totally sure why my brain tripped up on "that being said" - not sure if the below is any better, feel free to take it (or parts of it) or totally ignore it. Overall the new copy feels like a lovely improvement, thank you Jason!

```suggestion
While EUI's primary customer is Kibana and other Elastic products, open source is a part of our DNA at Elastic, and commmunity contributions from outside of Elastic are welcome. These contributions are typically reviewed and merged on a best-effort basis and must generally align with the overall objectives of this project.
```
